hey guys welcome back so today's video I
want to show you how i style my hair a
lot of people have asked and so I just
thought I'd take you through it it's
like the easiest thing I do ever and so
we're not once I've washed my hair what
I do is I put some of my matrix 1 boost
and the root lifter through the top so
just kind of sectioning bits and just
sprained and right it's a handy nozzle
which is really cool because you can
just spray into the root and then it's
kind of heat activated and then once you
sort of blow drying it you get a lot of
like root at the so volume at the room
which I just don't have and I also put
on some of my macadamia healing oil
treatment this is the eye view through
lot of oils are locked a lot of oils a
lot of them are quite well-known brands
a lot of them answer well known and the
best rod of ever used in my life is this
I'm yet to find something I have
repurchased in a hair oil other than
this a lot like a million of these
because I just love them so much and so
this is generally not saying any other
ones are bad but this is the best one
and so I'll put some of that through the
ends of my hair and then literally blast
it dry but just to use my extension
brush and just literally like take the
hair dryer through it just kind of
brushing it through facet there we are
to this point and now I generally
generally sometimes I do my hair
differently depending on my mood and
what the weather's like to be honest and
which I will take you through like
hopefully in the summer I can do some
more like when I do beachy waves and
things like that they don't know they're
coming up to some of it this is the main
thing i do every day to my hair and
basically get a grip and this is
definitely my night out hair definitely
so just literally and a half my hair
seek the rest on top of my head I try to
get the bottom part right I find if I
get the bottom part right then the rest
kind of falls in to place and I'm going
to use my valise curling wand now this i
believe was around 1999 so 20 good
company go wrong and it goes from i'm
not going to touch it because it is
actually on you can see the little lie
on there goes some larger tapirs are
smaller and so i generally kind of hold
it that way to get the it can be held
differently know a lot of people think
you can hold it sort of it should be
held one way but you'll obviously get a
different effect the way you hold on and
you have you can see the little light on
there you've got different temperatures
I never put mine to the top ever and
because I don't feel that my hair needs
that much heat it's quite fine so it's
Charles quite easily get the little he
proved glove and minds actually hot
enough now it flashes and then it will
stay amber when it's heated so the
larger the section of hair the kind of
less curl you'll get you get more of a
wave and and I never take mine right to
the root because obviously I have
extensions in which you can probably see
so I don't want to obviously heat the
bond because that will obviously loosen
it but try I try and get it as close to
the top as possible because I look sort
of slightly larger curls just take up a
medium piece of hair you don't even need
to hold on that for that long and it
creates this awesome curl which i think
is more evil wavicle anyway I don't
think it's like a ringlet curl to me
that is more of a wavy kale which I
really like the look of and if you put
ringlets in my head and I just look like
any do I look like a child but yeah
basically
this is why do and it's like the easiest
thing to use is it's because once I've
done this this curl lasts me until I
wash my hair again and I'd probably say
I wash my hair every three days and so
this curl lasts like no other even when
I curl my hair with straighteners the
curtain the curl doesn't last as long so
this little one is like the best
invention ever there's such defined
curls as well that I really like I mean
you can brush them out and make them
more like mermaid e waves if you want
but um I just love this Quraan however
you want to do it i mean if I'm in a
rush i probably will take bigger
sections of hair to be honest and which
they'll be looser waves and but i have
you can obviously separate them and i
just love that kind of wavy Karl and
then I literally take the rest of it
down because I'm lazy and don't do too
many sections and just curl the rest
when you can see obviously this but the
front is my actual hair my real hair and
I generally just do the ends of that I
don't go too far up the hair so just
kind of keep it and I don't even leave
it on very long at all
that's to give it a little bit of a
uniform that is on what my hair felt now
I didn't remember to bring in my
background brush but my central Russia
kind of works quite well is about kind
of brush right just backcomb the tops of
my hair to again give a bit of the lift
and that it's me kind of done that's
generally and a day-to-day basis how I
style my hair let me show you how I'll
show you how to brush the curls we're
kind of loosen up a bit
yeah that's it really that is how i
style my hair on a day-to-day basis like
I said when not when it gets sort of
more cuz it's overcast today it's been
lovely and sunny now it looks gray as a
great thing but yet a one when we get
more sort of fair summary guaranteed son
should I say then I'll try and do some
like beachy waves and maybe some like a
big voluminous hair or curls or ever so
and yeah thanks for watching guys and
don't forget to subscribe wherever is
something of your peers don't forget to
subscribe and I'll see you soon bye bye